# Reading one 
Events for music and art have been around for as long as technology was mainstream. In the 90’s it seems there were art galleries as well as music concerts. You would have to attend these events live but as more and more people got access to the internet and tools to “perform” on the website it became its own thing. Online streaming and performance. Recently fortnite hosted a concert by artist Marshmello and had around 10 million people attend it. It seems crazy and somewhat a start to something that might become as mainstream as actually going to a concert. This event allowed a younger audience into what would be a more “adult” event. “Audible Terrain : A day of SoundCulture” by Jeremiah Moore talks about live events and how it was unfortunate to miss certain events. I believe it is possible to somewhat recreate the online event but it would not be the same as being there for the first one. 

There are numerous ways and programs for sound and music producers to create sound or music. As these programs and tools evolve so do our music and what we find to be mainstream. If you were to compare today’s hip hop to hip hop in the 90s you would find they don’t sound similar at all.  

“Racism and Technology” by Michelle Wright. This article talks about journalism and how racism plays a part in our news. Articles and websites are now everywhere and you can find an article that is either false or tends to your viewpoint. Newspapers are seen as an old way to inform the mass and websites and broadcasts are more popular.  With articles being online it should make it easier to fact check certain statements but that doesn’t seem to be the case for many. One click would allow certain false articles to be spread around and many do the have the time or care enough to check to see if it is true. Both parties are guilty of doing this and arguing online seems to be a waste as you can also easily block certain outlets. 
I find it interesting how technology has evolved as computers were still not as easily accessible in the 90’s. Computers were not as advance as they are today and I didn’t use computers for anything besides playing learning games. It was amazing how these games were able to teach me how to do math and also spell. Now these games are free and can be easily downloaded online compared to buying a disc. 

Certain things seem to stay the same but now have a larger audience or active users. Artists seem to play a vital role in what could be mainstream and definitialy programmer's are the most essential job that determines the direction of technology
