<style>
<h3>Issue #12 - Interview: Game Girlz by Geri Wittig and Max Hardcore (1996)</h3>

<p>Since the 1990s, the gaming community have greatly expanded their demographic to welcome both men and women. However, it is interesting to see how much has changed. 

In the interview dating back in 1996, Vangie Beal, the director of GameGirlz.com, discusses the main reason of creating this site was to voice gender equality and to build a community where both men and women can enjoy online gaming without running into demeaning comments. I agree with Beal that the online gaming community had been predominantly male, a “boys only club” she describes it. The amount of women who work in the gaming industry back in the 1990s had to hide their identities in fear of being judged by others who work in the same field (Wittig and Hardcore, 1996). 

Fast forwarding to the 2000s, more girl gamers have emerged on multiple platforms such as YouTube and Twitch to stream gameplays. In addition, the number of women who enter the tech and gaming industry has grown tremendously. There may be games that have a targeted audience, but our generation is walking and currently working on creating a gender equality/gender neutral space. Technological advances in the gaming world expanded beyond just online with consoles such as the GameCube, the Wii, Wii U, the Switch, PS4, Xbox, and the list goes on. I feel that many online multiplayer games such as League of Legends, Overwatch, and Fornite do have a larger male audience. Many of their male players are still surprised to see a girl gamer amongst them. I do believe that the gaming industry will always be predominantly male, but the inclusion of female gamers have been widely more accepted than before.

Issue #3 - Artificial Love Life is as Real as the Real Thing by Professor S. Farsad

It is interesting to tackle on the concept of love. Voltaire (Enlightenment writer) and Freud (neurologist) have stated that people have experience this idea of love, however, it is difficult to actually pinpoint what this thing called love is. 

Professor S. Farsad questions the possibility of love coming from artificial life. According to her, she believes that if artificial life had the ability to love romantically, then reproduction rates would skyrocket. But does what exactly is reproducing? Is it the objects of the “game” or simulation that is multiplied? She shared that the qualities of artificial life is similar to natural life. These qualities include the abilities to reproduce, acquire and use energy, sense their environment and respond to stimulus, and to love (Farsad, 1996).

So, is it possible to be romantically involved with an life that is not physically real? There has been dating simulators and games that help emulate reality. I recall hearing news about a Japanese man marrying a hologram or a fictional character named Hatsune Miku. The man claims to be in love with her for years, even holding a wedding ceremony for them two. There are many instances of this happening, and this Japanese man is just one of them. However, this questions how we define what actual love is. Even I do not even know what it exactly is.

The experiment about romantic love that S. Farsad did was intriguing. She gave two humans a series of rules to follow in order to fall in love. According to S. Farsad, there are seven stages in order to experience romantic love: admiration, hope, birth of love, doubt, first crystallization (illusions), love is solidified, and second crystallization (Farsad, 1996). In this experiment, the women known as S fell in love with her partner D first. Stendhal states that crystallization between both parties must be mutual in order to achieve love. If one party develops these crystallizations (illusions that see the other person as perfection), then it is only considered as an unrequited love. To refer back to the Japanese man marrying the hologram, is it an unrequited love? Many may argue that the hologram has no interpretation of what love is or even know that the relationship was established. 

The making of human-like robots have been publicly known in Japan. As the continuance of AI technology continues to make advancements, will this ultimately end the loneliness epidemic many countries feel in fight to find love? The search continues...
<p>
</style>


